[Azure Monitor] Reformat/refresh doc and update from retired terminology (#3549)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/monitoring/metrics/azure-monitor.md

   ama-logs-z7p4c                                        2/2     Running   0          2d13h
   ...
   ```

1. Apply config map to enable Prometheus metrics endpoint scrape.

  You can use [azm-config-map.yaml](/docs/azm-config-map.yaml) to enable Prometheus metrics endpoint scrape.

  If you installed Dapr to a different namespace, you need to change the `monitor_kubernetes_pod_namespaces` array values. For example:

   ```yaml
   ...
     prometheus-data-collection-settings: |-
       [prometheus_data_collection_settings.cluster]
           interval = "1m"
           monitor_kubernetes_pods = true
           monitor_kubernetes_pods_namespaces = ["dapr-system", "default"]
       [prometheus_data_collection_settings.node]
           interval = "1m"
   ...
   ```

  Apply config map:

   ```bash
   kubectl apply -f ./azm-config.map.yaml
   ```

## Install Dapr with JSON formatted logs

1. Install Dapr with enabling JSON-formatted logs.

   ```bash
   helm install dapr dapr/dapr --namespace dapr-system --set global.logAsJson=true
   ```

1. Enable JSON formatted log in Dapr sidecar and add Prometheus annotations.

>   > Note: OMS Agent scrapes the metrics only if replicaset has Prometheus annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > Note: The Azure Monitor Agents (AMA) only sends the metrics if the Prometheus annotations are set.
```
